1. Line 12 will print out ```3```, as it prints out the value of variable ```i```, which is the representation of how many times the loop ran, and since the length of the array ```prices``` is 3, then Line 12 will print out ```3```. Since all variables are defined with ```var```, there is no issue with scope for the use of variables.
2. Line 13 will print out ```150```, as it prints out the value of variable ```discountedPrice```, which is the final calculated discounted price after the loop runs. Since the final value of the array is ```300```, and the discount is ```0.5```, then Line 13 will print out the value of 300 times 0.5, which is ```150```. Since all variables are defined with ```var```, there is no issue with scope for the use of variables.
3. Line 14 will print out ```150```, as it prints out the value of variable ```finalPrice```, which is the final calculated discounted price after the loop runs after rounding. Since the final value of the array is ```300```, and the discount is ```0.5```, then Line 13 will print out the value of 300 times 0.5 rounded, which is ```150```. Since all variables are defined with ```var```, there is no issue with scope for the use of variables.
4. This function will return the list of the discounted prices from the original prices given in ```prices```, as the array ```discounted``` stored the final discounted price for each element in the loop. Therefore, the function will return an array of size 3 with discounted prices in the form ```[50, 100, 150]```. Since all variables are defined with ```var```, there is no issue with scope for the use of variables.
5. Line 12 will return an error, as variable ```i``` is defined with ```let```, so it is only applicable in a block scope, not a function-wide scope. Since Line 12 is outside of the block scope of ```i```, then ```i``` is not defined for Line 12, and will return an error.
6. Line 13 will return an error, as variable ```discountedPrice``` is defined with ```let```, so it is only applicable in a block scope, not a function-wide scope. Since Line 13 is outside of the block scope of ```discountedPrice```, then ```discountedPrice``` is not defined for Line 13, and will return an error.
7. Line 14 will print out ```150```, as it prints out the value of variable ```finalPrice```, which is the final calculated discounted price after the loop runs after rounding, which is 300 times 0.5 rounded, equaling ```150```. Additionally, since Line 14 is in the block scope for variable ```finalPrice```, it will not return an error.
8. This function will return the list of the discounted prices from the original prices given in ```prices```, as the array ```discounted``` stored the final discounted price for each element in the loop. Therefore, the function will return an array of size 3 with discounted prices in the form ```[50, 100, 150]```. Additionally, since the use of array ```discounted``` when returned is in the block scope of the variable's definition, there will be no error.
9. Line 11 will not print anything, as variable ```i``` is only defined in the scope of the for loop, so when Line 11 looks to print the value of ```i``` to the console, it does not exist, resulting in an error.
10. Line 12 will print ```3```, as variable ```length``` represent the length of the array ```discounted```, and since Line 12 is within the scope of variable ```length```'s declaration and initialization, it will not result in an error, and return the length of the array ```discounted```, which is 3.
11. This function will return the list of the discounted prices from the original prices given in ```prices```, as the array ```discounted``` stored the final discounted price for each element in the loop. Therefore, the function will return an array of size 3 with discounted prices in the form ```[50, 100, 150]```. Additionally, even though every variable, except for ```i```, is declared using ```const```, since the variables are never reassigned values, there are no errors encountered.